it is so that we have players
every day totally exhausting the game
can win and and do everything
and create something in our
Graf stands and now play again
1 then where with good kick and the opponent
not so not always more and
but not always but very often
earned their crown you then times
you know the right thing out and about
I'm very clear but of course only until
let's say this morning must be absolute
But concentration is also something
already trainingsplatz not so
are then things like for example
was then totally happy because noticed
okay is come things to admira has the
So you can score it through games or
daniel still jumps in really big
your chances defends well and the
forest splashes home could not
a tenth of a second quarrels with the
fate
Schreiber donated he has sprintduell
drone has he turned swiss
Thinking stuttgart cold and there was am
sixteen-corner free kick for us so if
that does not do the post is in the
other direction
if that was so, that was four o'clock
weeks
why and always and now it was and
Now we have to do exactly these things
these mental things and those total ones
nothing but nothing
will be impressed by the
compensation of the board not if you
Goal gets that one there
Again, that we that so much
are warriors as possible to the place
not in the sense of 5
but in this sense, do not think of violence
but warrior in attitude to that
how they approach things and how they do things
they fail short-term and successes
also how they handle it so that is
be an elementary point for this the
is always elementary point but for
this season and for us more than ever
with us as much full pulley as the
pole is going on
so please
so much full pulley is the pole before yes
but always a merck internet but me
Hope you owe some measurements
of it